c:\users\lschiemann\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NoiseManagement\bin\Debug\NoiseManagement.exe.config
c:\users\lschiemann\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NoiseManagement\bin\Debug\NoiseManagement.exe
c:\users\lschiemann\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NoiseManagement\bin\Debug\NoiseManagement.pdb
c:\users\lschiemann\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NoiseManagement\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\lschiemann\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NoiseManagement\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\lschiemann\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NoiseManagement\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\lschiemann\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NoiseManagement\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\lschiemann\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NoiseManagement\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\lschiemann\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NoiseManagement\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\lschiemann\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NoiseManagement\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\lschiemann\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NoiseManagement\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\lschiemann\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NoiseManagement\obj\Debug\NoiseManagement.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lschiemann\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NoiseManagement\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\lschiemann\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NoiseManagement\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\lschiemann\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NoiseManagement\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\lschiemann\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NoiseManagement\obj\Debug\NoiseManagement_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\lschiemann\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NoiseManagement\obj\Debug\NoiseManagement.g.resources
c:\users\lschiemann\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NoiseManagement\obj\Debug\NoiseManagement.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lschiemann\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NoiseManagement\obj\Debug\NoiseManagement.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lschiemann\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NoiseManagement\obj\Debug\NoiseManagement.exe
c:\users\lschiemann\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NoiseManagement\obj\Debug\NoiseManagement.pdb
C:\Media\Uni\ProjektManagement\Projekt\3 Phase Konstruktion\NoiseManagement\bin\Debug\NoiseManagement.exe.config
C:\Media\Uni\ProjektManagement\Projekt\3 Phase Konstruktion\NoiseManagement\obj\Debug\NoiseManagement.exe
C:\Media\Uni\ProjektManagement\Projekt\3 Phase Konstruktion\NoiseManagement\obj\Debug\NoiseManagement.pdb
C:\Media\Uni\ProjektManagement\Projekt\3 Phase Konstruktion\NoiseManagement\bin\Debug\NoiseManagement.exe
C:\Media\Uni\ProjektManagement\Projekt\3 Phase Konstruktion\NoiseManagement\bin\Debug\NoiseManagement.pdb
C:\Media\Uni\ProjektManagement\Projekt\3 Phase Konstruktion\NoiseManagement\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Media\Uni\ProjektManagement\Projekt\3 Phase Konstruktion\NoiseManagement\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Media\Uni\ProjektManagement\Projekt\3 Phase Konstruktion\NoiseManagement\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Media\Uni\ProjektManagement\Projekt\3 Phase Konstruktion\NoiseManagement\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Media\Uni\ProjektManagement\Projekt\3 Phase Konstruktion\NoiseManagement\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Media\Uni\ProjektManagement\Projekt\3 Phase Konstruktion\NoiseManagement\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Media\Uni\ProjektManagement\Projekt\3 Phase Konstruktion\NoiseManagement\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Media\Uni\ProjektManagement\Projekt\3 Phase Konstruktion\NoiseManagement\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Media\Uni\ProjektManagement\Projekt\3 Phase Konstruktion\NoiseManagement\obj\Debug\NoiseManagement.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Media\Uni\ProjektManagement\Projekt\3 Phase Konstruktion\NoiseManagement\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Media\Uni\ProjektManagement\Projekt\3 Phase Konstruktion\NoiseManagement\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Media\Uni\ProjektManagement\Projekt\3 Phase Konstruktion\NoiseManagement\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Media\Uni\ProjektManagement\Projekt\3 Phase Konstruktion\NoiseManagement\obj\Debug\NoiseManagement_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Media\Uni\ProjektManagement\Projekt\3 Phase Konstruktion\NoiseManagement\obj\Debug\NoiseManagement.g.resources
C:\Media\Uni\ProjektManagement\Projekt\3 Phase Konstruktion\NoiseManagement\obj\Debug\NoiseManagement.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Media\Uni\ProjektManagement\Projekt\3 Phase Konstruktion\NoiseManagement\obj\Debug\NoiseManagement.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
